# UpOnly Alpha Only

## [Avi Felman of Blocktower: Crypto is mid-cycle](https://uponly.tv/avi-felman-of-blocktower-crypto-is-mid-cycle/)
[@AviFelman](https://twitter.com/AviFelman): Have the memory of a goldfish. And that doesn't mean we have a goldfish memory of a goldfish. And it just means if something goes wrong, just do your best to forget and move on. And don't dwell on it. Because that's just that's just how you record yourself. I just genuinely apply that every single day when I'm trading. Because you know, you make you make mistakes all the time. You can learn from your mistakes, but you can't dwell on your mistakes.

## [Doug Polk on crypto, poker, and epic scams](https://uponly.tv/doug-polk-on-crypto-poker-and-epic-scams/)
[@dougpolkvids](https://twitter.com/dougpolkvids): In life, you should always bet the biggest on yourself. And the reason is, because no one will take what no one will take your money as seriously as you no one's gonna work as hard as you or at least will be as honest with you. When you're trying to make it it's hard, right? I mean, I remember coming up in poker, it was a struggle, I wasn't one of those guys was immediately just great and crushing it, I had to study and try to improve and I wasn't a natural and it took me a long time to kind of reach to reach the higher echelon. But one thing that I always said was I always tried to bet bigger on myself because I knew win or win or lose, I would take the time and work as hard as I could to try and make it happen. And I think as far as taking the you know, the the less traveled path or the road less traveled by or whatever the saying is there's a there's a there's a fun Enos to that on getting to have all these opportunities and get all these can you do all these unique things that you wouldn't get to do in a nine to five I wouldn't be here on this podcast today. I wouldn't, I wouldn't be able to have the life I've had so far if I was on the traditional path. But there's also a scariness, which is, it's tough to know, what's the right decision to do? Who do I ask for advice? I remember coming up in life, I didn't have any reasonable people to ask for advice. It was just what did I think was the right decision to make? So I think that the most important thing to do is to try and surround yourself with, you know, smart people who you can get honest feedback from and aren't gonna hold your hand. And then when you do get your opportunities that you think are good, take them and whether they were they pan out or not. At least you'll be happy that you had the faith to backup your beliefs. And when you fail, if you fail, you can learn from them.

## [Teen Executive on the Game of Investing](https://uponly.tv/teen-executive-on-the-game-of-investing/) 
[@teen_executive](https://twitter.com/teen_executive): Everyone that says something negative about you 100% of the time is either jealous or unhappy with something deep in their life, so don’t let it get to you.

## [Doom & Gloom with Light](https://uponly.tv/doom-gloom-with-light/)  
[@lightcrypto](https://twitter.com/lightcrypto): Emotional trading to me is trying to reach objectivity or as close to object objective truth as you can, as a market participant because you are a part of the market. And so there's this feedback loop between you and the market. Now we see people kind of saying what they want from the market rather than the reality of the market. And price is the ultimate determinant, right? Of what people perceive the value of the space to be when Bitcoin is at 3000. It's a scam, when it's at 60,000, it's revolutionary technology that's going to a million dollars. Being able to disassociate yourself from that process is part of the emotional aspect of discretionary trading. And that takes time to separate yourself from the market mechanisms that kind of draw you in through greed, and all of the cacophony of people that tell you what you should think. And usually it serves their own self interest, right? Because exchanges want you to trade VCs wants you to buy their bags and newsletter, sellers want you to continue to think it's a bull market so that you continue to subscribe. But you have to really kind of find conviction in yourself through your experience as a market participant, and view your failures as moments where you learned, I got incredibly lucky in this market to get to where I am. And it was because no matter how bad things got, in a day or two, I'd usually generally come back and have sort of reset myself and then just start trying to pound away again at the market and trying to improve this market will give you incredible opportunities that come once every few centuries, if you're willing to take them.

## [Cobie’s Back: State of the Market with eGirl Capital](https://uponly.tv/cobies-back-state-of-the-market-with-egirl-capital/)
[@loomdart](https://twitter.com/loomdart): Uh, I mean honestly I don't really know much about AXS, just that its basically increased the GDP of the Philippines by like a non insubstantial amount. Which I mean is both but yeah... I mean the thing with NFTs is, ummm, I feel like everyone who foresaw the dump, yes sweet let me sell the NFTs first because these things are obviously are going to get hammered. So the only guys left in them were just like either the pure believers who would never sell and just the guys who don't know how to sell, and since no one wants to sell if one guy wants to buy the price has to go up.

[@CL207](https://twitter.com/CL207): We don't have to like use our follower for liquidity so we can maybe curate something that, back stuff that are just like slightly better. On average.

[@mewn21](https://twitter.com/mewn21): Yeah, I find it interesting how like, I think end of life Last year, projects were like, Oh, I'm just gonna go where the herd goes. And it was like almost like a division. And like, there were like a group of projects that were only gonna be on optimism, there were a group of projects that are going to give you an Arbitrum, and everyone else was like, I'm just gonna go wherever this protocol that I, you know, I'm symbiotic waves will go because we rely on them and they rely on us and it became almost like, you know, like, joining your own like little faction. But now it's changed to, you know, wherever we can put our contracts with very minimal or with less, you know, Dev overhead will do it. And so now, I think it's, as you said, Cobie, it's projects it's going to plant their flag wherever they can just put their contracts. And I don't think that's restricted to eath layer twos as well. I mean, we see sushi swap planning to deploy on like Moonbeam, which is like an like an EVM compatible polkadot parachain.


## [Trading wisdom from CryptoCred, DonAlt and CMSIntern](https://uponly.tv/trading-wisdom-from-cryptocred-donalt-and-cmsintern/)  
[@CryptoCred](https://twitter.com/CryptoCred/): “Confirmation is for Christians”. If you wait for confirmation you have to be right, if you trade at the extremes you can be wrong and still make money or at least lose less

[@CryptoDonAlt](https://twitter.com/CryptoDonAlt): When you’re making excuses for losing trades you are taking away an opportunity to grow. The only thing you should be ashamed of is saying it isn’t your fault because you won’t get better. Accept your mistakes and ask yourself how you can do better next time

[@cmsintern](https://twitter.com/cmsintern): Use FlipMetrics & TheDailyApe. Understand asymmetric upside and look for domains outside of crypto where you can also find this

## [Exit Scams & Crypto Economics with Taylor Monahan, Aaron Lammer, & Allison Reichel](https://uponly.tv/exit-scams-crypto-economics-with-taylor-monahan-aaron-lammer-allison-reichel/) 

## [Justin Sun addresses market crash rumors, talks collecting & creating in crypto](https://uponly.tv/justin-sun-addresses-market-crash-rumors-talks-collecting-creating-in-crypto/)
[@justinsuntron](http://twitter.com/@justinsuntron): The world is more focused on the result, but you yourself need to focus on the process. 

## [Interview with John Bollinger, Creator of Bollinger Bands](https://uponly.tv/interview-with-john-bollinger-creator-of-bollinger-bands/)    
[@bbands](https://twitter.com/@bbands): Widen your experience as much as humanly possible. Encompass a great range – read very widely, do things you don’t normally do, have new experience… get a really broad perspective.

## [Solana founders on why the Solana ecosystem will thrive](https://uponly.tv/solana-founders-on-why-the-solana-ecosystem-will-thrive)  
[@rajgokal](https://twitter.com/rajgokal): New normal. You wake up, Bitcoin is legal tender, just head down and stay on course

[@aeyakovenko](https://twitter.com/aeyakovenko):  Don’t drink to much or eat too much, work out, don’t have too much caffeine. Just use some moderation 

## [Raoul Pal on the Inevitability of Crypto](https://uponly.tv/raoul-pal-on-the-inevitability-of-crypto/)     
[@RaoulGMI](https://twitter.com/@RaoulGMI): The best investment you can make in yourself is to travel and to do so outside of your comfort zone. It’s the secret of life, a broader understanding person, eyes opened to more opportunities, see things in different ways and become less influenced by others – it’s the greatest education you could invest in. It costs pretty much nothing to get on a plane to Nicaragua and go backpacking for 2 weeks, do that and tell me it hasn’t changed your life, it will do


## [Kyle Davies of Three Arrows Capital on Conviction & Concentrated Bets](https://uponly.tv/kyle-davies-of-three-arrows-capital-on-conviction-concentrated-bets/)  
[@kyled116](https://twitter.com/kyled116): Okay, well, we already mentioned the denomination stuff, which I think is by far the most important to be honest, but I won't say that since that's we've spoken about it so much. Yeah, well, I think a lot of it is a, it's about agency as well. There's like this easy temptation to want other people to do the work right and to, you know, try to offload the risk or in some way, right. But in reality, like, actually, all your capital, right is your risk, you get the like, and thus, you should take the agency over it. And when you take that agency, then that's where you can make the conviction conviction bets, it's no longer, you know, a 1% bet. If this goes, like, I hate the lot, there's a couple of actually, there's a lot of trading logic, which I just can't stand, which is just super illogical, because because the human condition in general is a very, like, Ill suited for trading. You have to, you know, counter a lot of natural tendencies. But but one of them is to say things like, I'm just gonna put 1% in, and if it does, Well, great. If it doesn't, then I don't care. Like, well, now you just took away your whole conviction, like, like, What do you mean, you don't care? Like, why not make it a bigger, you know, the higher like, why can't you put in a 5%, we can put in or put in 1%. But with like, know that that will be life changing money, so that when it is 10% of your portfolio, you'll hold it up the other, you know, the next 10x the next, like? Yeah, that, for me, it's all about the human condition actually thinking about the human condition. And is this logical? Or is this not logical? And there are so many things on crypto Twitter or like, frankly, in your own life that are just like absolute bs when it comes to this. I don't know I just make a whole list of them to be honest. But there's just so so much stuff. And the only way to understand truth is to just think logically yourself like that. That's really the only way

## [Bitcoin Miami Wrap-up with Aubrey Strobel, SizeChad, and Lawmaster](https://uponly.tv/bitcoin-miami-wrap-up-with-aubrey-strobel-sizechad-and-lawmaster/) 

[@SizeChad](https://twitter.com/SizeChad): 4chan equals true alpha. I actually do believe that because it's like the lowest part of like the internet. But I would say my like little piece of advice or like wisdom is like it's just to like, just relax and let like the talent do work. Like Don't overthink things so nothing you're doing is like that hard just relax.

[@lawmaster](https://twitter.com/lawmaster): Honestly, like, I don't have a great advice. I think like the best advice that has served me really well is just do what you like, and you got to be good at it. And I think like the people that's you know, end up doing what they're doing and that's also what we tried to hire for. They are always better than the ones that just do it for their career and so i i think that's my best advice if you don't like what you're doing just quit it and do whatever the fuck you want and you're gonna be good at it then you're gonna make money.

[@aubreystrobel](https://twitter.com/aubreystrobel): Not my family line but I feel like recently my philosophy has been what it's done for you won't miss you so you can kind of chill like obviously work hard and to relay it back to the church side of things people say like work like there is no God and pray like everything depends on God and I feel like if you just work hard things will come to you 

## [The Vulture Capitalists, Inflation, and State of the Cycle](https://uponly.tv/matty-sino-sicarious-and-flood-capital/) 
[@mattysino](https://twitter.com/mattysino): Stop saying you don’t need sleep. You need sleep. 8-10 hours of sleep, don’t wreck your mental capacity. Get your sleep! 

[@FloodCapital](https://twitter.com/FloodCapital): Be patient and a long term thinker. It’s so easy to be distracted. How much time do you spend a day thinking original thoughts? Longer term you can achieve what you want financially by growing year on year rather than needing to 100x.

[@Sicarious_](https://twitter.com/Sicarious_): Don’t burn bridges needlessly. Even if someone screws you over, things might be different in future and the relationship will be beneficial.

## [Building blue chips, with Stani of Aave, Kain of Synthetix, and Santiago of Parafi](https://uponly.tv/building-blue-chips-with-stani-of-aave-kain-of-synthetix-and-santiago-of-parafi)

[@santiagoroel](https://twitter.com/santiagoroel): When I was here last time, I said, artha, because it, it tells us the parallel story of Buddha. And I think he only he comes to terms like, like, your path is going to be very unique. The nice thing about this space is that it's it, there's a lot of people that are willing to help you. But don't try to recreate some other guy, you know, like, this is boring, you know? And so I guess, you know, people might say, Well, you know, you're saying that it's like, you know, it's it's different for you than it is for me, you know, I genuinely think that like no matter where you are in life, you can take advantage of this space. Because everything we've talked about in this episode, I think the common denominator is there's it's a very welcoming community. And it's like infinite runway. And you just got to say, hey, like balls to the wall, like, you're here, you're listening, go build something that fucking matters. be relevant. And I think everything else is a derivative of that. But if you're not like focused on that, you're gonna get lost in the way. You can do dumb stuff, or you're gonna be distracted.

[@kaiynne](https://twitter.com/kaiynne): So something a habit that, that I developed from fucking up a bunch of startups over many years. And there's a lot, there's like seven of them is I try every day in the morning to spend a bit of time, five minutes, 10 minutes, whatever, sometimes it takes longer. And question some assumption that I have built up, right, like, you know, the other day when the market started shitting itself, right, like, you know, I spent half an hour. So just sort of think like questioning the assumptions that I'd made about what is our, you know, what's our plan here in terms of how do we kind of mitigate this, right? If we, if we get into a bear market, right, like, you, human brains have a tendency to kind of build up all of this implicit, you know, these implicit beliefs, right? And they just accumulate without you even realizing them. Right? And, you know, one day you turn around, you look at them, and you're like, why do I believe these things? Right? And crypto punishes that? Very, very harshly. Right? Like, even yesterday, there's a bunch of people who've been sitting there going, Yeah, EIP 1559. is a perfect, you know, construction that's like been sent down from on high by Vitalik and you know, whatever, right? And I think a lot of people were surprised when Taylor jumped in and was like, Wait a second, like, is this as perfect as we think? Right? And people don't like to have their assumptions question, right? Like, it's much simpler and easier to just say, EIP 1559 is amazing. Don't say anything bad about it, it's going to solve all of our problems, right? Like, don't make me think, right, like I've already built up, you know, I've heard all of the good stories, I've heard all the excitement or whatever, I am happier doing that, right. But if you if you allow yourself to fall into that complacency, and you don't challenge your assumptions, and you're not willing to like really rigorously like break down, like, why do I believe this thing? Like, what where did this belief come from? Then you can get trapped in the path that is really suboptimal. 

## [Sam & CZ Discuss Building Crypto Empires](https://uponly.tv/sam-cz-discuss-building-crypto-empires/)  

[@SBF_Alameda](http://twitter.com/SBF_Alameda): A lot of the earlier exchanges, you know, the problems that they run into, is that they sort of came about in a less competitive environment when there was, you know, less, less work being put into the product, and the products frankly, weren't as good. And that was sort of what the competitive landscape looks like. And I think, you know, the risk for being an early platform, is that when you, you know, when, when sort of, you know, the, the ecosystem grows a lot and the standard that you have to hold yourself to, to be competitive, there's a lot that they're, you know, not able to keep up and warrant sort of founded in a period where they had to keep up to prove themselves.

[@cz_binance](http://https//twitter.com/cz_binance): So I think basically, well, I think Steve Jobs said this, the best you got to disrupt yourself or somebody else is going to do for you and is much, much more painful in the later in the later in the latest scenario. So if you just disrupt yourself, at least you have what's disrupting yourself. And there's another way of saying that, or there's another thing, which is there's always more opportunities in the future than they were in the past. So if you're successful in the past, you probably won't be able to catch other future opportunities.

## [Is the bull market over?](https://uponly.tv/is-the-bull-market-over/) 

[@CryptoCred](https://twitter.com/CryptoCred): It only takes like a couple of good trades, or like a couple of good days to really make a solid trading quarter. There's this romanticized version that you need to always be in and out and you know, buying every dip and selling every rep etc. It's not true. Just like we had recently, you get some really asymmetric days where you can make a month, a quarter a year of your trading. And two things are important in those types of situations, because you can't always foretell when they're going to be. But the way you can take advantage is, at least in my view, the following. The first and probably the main one, to be honest, is you want to be approaching those days for a position of strength. So if you're, for example, over leveraged and the markets nuking, and you're only worried about like your collateral requirements, then you're not approaching it from a position of strength, right, you're from a position of weakness and trying not to get liquidated. So as long as you survive point number one, and point number two, keep your allocation positioning portfolio, whatever. In a in a state where when asymmetric Black Swan crazy shit happens, you can be that to take advantage of it. 

[@tradinglord](https://twitter.com/tradinglord): Most people overestimate what they can do in a month and underestimate what we can do in two years, or three years or four years. Everyone is so just like okay, move now. Move now. Chill. You are at the right spot on the right time. Be patient. I think you got this. That's it. You're still young. You're gonna make it.

[@Cryptopathic](https://twitter.com/Cryptopathic): Try not getting liquidated, I had some fun with that. And I think maybe try denominating in ETH, if you want to perform well try that.

[@AlamedaTrabucco](https://twitter.com/AlamedaTrabucco): When people are trading, often the thing that they're trying to do is like, figure out, like, figure out the good thing to do. And like, that's sort of where they almost stop, they like are looking for the good trades and put like, put on the good trades. And like do that over and over again. I think that one thing that people often miss, is it often the most important thing is to really like maximize how much you're betting, when you like, have the best, the best spot, or like the top 1% of spots that you're ever going to see. And this sort of ties into a credible thing, where it's really important to have a ton of capital around when like on days like yesterday, which which like can be the like, can account for all of your p&l for the year. And if you don't do things, if you don't do things like that, then you can't actually you can actually like 100x your bet size when the bet is by is like 10 times as good. And it turns out that that's just the most important thing. Like this is true when you're trading, it's also like sort of been a pattern in my life. The like the best decisions I've made have all sort of involves me recognizing that I had a really good opportunity. And putting everything I had into it. One of those was quitting my high paying job in traditional finance to go into crypto, like, that's sort of just risking a lot for what, in reality was the best thing I've ever seen in my life. And yeah, this is just the sort of thing that you have to do over and over again, if you want to, like keep making, keep making a ton of money be one of the best at, like at trading or at least making decisions in your life. And yeah, just always thinking about like, what's my expected value in this spot? is this? Is this, like the best thing I could be putting my money into? Okay, I better put all of it into it. And yeah, like recognize that even if you lose in a spot like that, like if you're assuming that you're like young enough, like have enough like earning potential in the future. You'll probably be able to make it up and put yourself into more spots like in the future. So you should just go for it now.

## [Konstantin Lomashuk: Investing in people with a long term outlook](https://uponly.tv/konstantin-lomashuk-investing-in-people-with-a-long-term-outlook/)  

[@Lomashuk](https://twitter.com/Lomashuk): I am from Kaliningrad from a small city, like in Russia, star, like now invest in all this crypto space and are invested in a lot of unicorns. I mean, it means that everyone can do it, you know, like, and you can be successful. If you like this market, you just need to start doing something and doing for long term. Believe in it, you know, like even in crazy ideas, you know, when I'll be pitched it in 2014 2015 2016 when we invested in it, nobody understands its market. You know, nobody believes in it. But we should believe we should believe that, like the future doesn't realize that or I mean, that we will build a new cloud nation one day, and together and there and like her, just do it long term. And there and you will be successful. 

## [A Parallel Universe: We talk to two BSC project creators](https://uponly.tv/a-parallel-universe-we-talk-to-two-bsc-project-creators/) 

[@cumrocketcrypto](https://twitter.com/cumrocketcrypto): Basically seek discomfort because like the best things in life are on the other side of fear. So basically, if you put yourself out there, you're literally like, you know, find yourself basically.

YoungBathtubs: My shit what I live by is choose before you lose the option to choose, you know saying that means you gotta be proactive in this life you want something to go do that shit

## [Meltem Demirors: for Fun, for Profit, & for Learning](https://uponly.tv/meltem-demirors-for-fun-for-profit-for-learning/)  
[@Melt_Dem](https://twitter.com/Melt_Dem): 3 rules in life. 1) Am I going to have fun. 2) Am I going to make money. 3) Am I going to learn something. If one of the boxes is checked maybe, if two are checked great, if three are checked – all in. 

## [Life changing trading in crypto](https://uponly.tv/life-changing-trading-in-crypto/) 

[@Tradermayne](https://twitter.com/Tradermayne): It takes you two cycles to make money.

[@LomahCrypto](https://twitter.com/LomahCrypto): focus on making good decisions, good trades over a long period of time. you'll survive, you'll make money eventually. Like I mean, I don't know anyone who can consistently make small amounts of money that doesn't inevitably hit a big one.

[@AltcoinPsycho](https://twitter.com/AltcoinPsycho): I'll kind of share kind of my own two big strategies for the upcoming year. So I would say, for people listening up, I would suggest to pick one or two ecosystems, and just really try and become an expert in that. So for me, it's it's like probably going to be Cosmos and Solana. And instead of always chasing, you know, there's a different all coins on uniswap. Or, like, there's just so much going on, it's really easy to kind of like shotgun your focus, I think the best winners that I've had in trading in general are really want to deep dive and I make early bets. And so I would really suggest people pick an ecosystem or two that they're really bullish on. And just really try and deeply understand everything they can about it, and network, talk to founders talk to devs, like, make friends in those ecosystems and focus on fair launch projects in those ecosystems. And I think especially with Solana and Cosmos, you know, if you do this correctly, and you invest in five or six projects, early stage, I think a lot of people can make life changing money by by catching those waves early. And I think the second big thing, just for me, personally, I'm going to be taking into account, I really have a strong belief that option traders are going to outperform the market in 2022. And I would really, highly suggest everyone learn the basics of options trading.

[@CryptoKaleo](https://twitter.com/CryptoKaleo): It's all mental. It is how do you handle the stress of what's happening here and there, because you have to know yourself to really be able to be successful in this game. It's all about finding your system, understanding yourself and being patient with that process of getting there. Not feeling like you have to do it all in one step all in one moment.

[@RookieXBT](https://twitter.com/RookieXBT): Just do less, do less like people who have held spot for the last year have probably outperformed any trader here. I think that's the truth.

## [Charlie Lee on Litecoin, decentralization, and the crypto ecosystem](https://uponly.tv/charlie-lee-on-litecoin-decentralization-and-the-crypto-ecosystem/)   
[@SatoshiLite](https://twitter.com/SatoshiLite): Sell your shitcoins and buy BTC and LTC

## [Bitcoin Maxis versus Ledger & Cobie](https://uponly.tv/bitcoin-maxis-versus-ledger-cobie/) 

[@PeterMcCormack](https://twitter.com/PeterMcCormack): The only thing I would say is like if you ever if you kind of just trying to say it without sounding cringy but basically you can you can definitely make a good life for yourself by working really fucking hard and learning how to sell

[@bradmillscan](https://twitter.com/bradmillscan): Another book to read would be reminiscences of a stock operator. It's just a really great story about this fictional sort of trader who started his career in the turn of the 19 hundred's trading random shit stocks, all the way up to becoming a market maker and controlling syndicates and doing private deals and stuff like that and he teaches you about how to exit on liquidity and how to think about like not trying to squeeze out that last 2x out of this thing you're up like 50x on like just just take the liquidity when you can and go back into your portfolio management rules

[@udiWertheimer](https://twitter.com/udiWertheimer): So the I my background is like software development and because of that, I kind of evaluate started out by evaluating all of this stuff on like technical merits. And I think the biggest you know learning I have about that is that it's a mistake that the technical side hardly matters. I would look at things like of course the type of team and what they can accomplish and also distribution i think is going to be the thing that's going to win the race in the current bull markets. Not the tech like if your favorite coin like cardano is saying that they have like a great team of scientists I would say that doesn't matter at all at this point. It just doesn't matter. 

## [Jason from Telegram and Travis Kling talk trading and macro](https://uponly.tv/jason-from-telegram-and-travis-kling-talk-trading-and-macro/) 

[@travis_kling](https://twitter.com/travis_kling): I'm not a Bitcoin maximalist at all. You know, I think there's a bunch of different use cases for blockchain technology. When we evaluate these different use cases, we ask ourselves four questions. How ready is the tech for the world? How ready is the world for the tech? What do you need decentralization for? And how decentralized is decentralized enough? I think Bitcoin much more fully and convincingly answers those four questions than any other crypto asset in existence. But that's not to say that I'm not hopeful for the rest of the space because I am and we're paying a lot of attention to it. 

[@jasonfromtg](https://twitter.com/jasonfromtg): I think just think adversarially and always understand how to protect yourself. And profit taking is never wrong. That being said, like always give you give yourself an out. And, you know, so you don't die with the first time you're wrong. Modern finance is a scam. So this is all about protecting yourself, you know, in every facet. So like, if you're engaged in any sort of trade, like everything's a trade, so you just got to think, how can I lose? What am I risking? What's the potential reward? Is this reasonable? And like, just ask very basic fundamental questions that are based around preserving you if you're wrong, and maximizing your value if you're right. 

##  [Left side of the curve: Chaos stream](https://uponly.tv/left-side-of-the-curve-chaos-stream/)    
👻

## [Big Brain Crypto Club](https://uponly.tv/big-brain-crypto-club/)  

[@lightcrypto](https://twitter.com/lightcrypto): Yeah, do do the opposite of whatever you're about to do. And also don't do whatever PplPleasr does. Because she donated half million dollars and she didn't even have it. Support PplPleasr. And just whatever you're inclined to do. Don't do that. Counter trade yourself. Don't you? Listen. Don't Believe in yourself. Believe in me believing Coby believing you.


##  [Crypto whale Tetranode on his story and his bullish outlook on Ethereum and defi](https://uponly.tv/crypto-whale-tetranode-on-his-story-and-his-bullish-outlook-on-ethereum-and-defi/)

[@Tetranode](https://twitter.com/Tetranode): Okay, so if you have like $10,000 I would just say go on Coinbase and buy ethereum and don't bother with defi anything any activity and defi right now you know without the layer two support and infrastructure. you would eat up your profit, you know, whatever gas costs will eat up your profit. So any side bets, you know, like, like, I get these questions all the time, you know, like, Oh, did I missed the boat and what should I invest into? And so the answer is you should invest into ethereum if you're always looking for things, you know, like funfair, you know, or ICS, then you're not going to make it. So any under layer one bets, you know, it's going to be a risky bet. So you may succeed, you may be you may, you may not, but the the most definitive answer is just buy ethereum and hold it, you know, in light of the scaling the EIP 1559, the complete elimination of proof of work, nothing absolutely is priced in, absolutely not priced in. So, that is my pitch. And secondly, ethereum is going to 100k, it's hard to believe right now, when it's 10k. So the price action, I think my guess if the price action is going to happen is that ethereum will peak around 10,000 to 30,000. And then it's going to crash down horrifically and everyone's think it's over, you know. And so I know there's there's a few guests on here who talks about like the end of the supercycle now I don't care how how well an asset is doing fundamentally, if it goes up 100x, then someone's going to exit the tourism aren't going to exit and I told like, like the investor, that's what's going to happen. So going back to the theory and thesis is going to crash back horrifically is going to correct with 70%, you know, 80%, maybe even 90%. And then it's gonna low lay low for a while. And then it's gonna form a floor and then and then we'll see 100k by 2025 2026 if ethereum scaling comes out as promised

##  [Mark Cuban: Present & Future Opportunity of Crypto](https://uponly.tv/mark-cuban-present-future-opportunity-of-crypto/) 

 [@mcuban](https://twitter.com/mcuban): First you got to figure out what your definition of success, you know, because when you're 18, particularly, you're not going to know what the fuck you're going to be when you grow up. And even if you're really motivated to, to start a business like I was, when I kid when I was a kid, I didn't know what I was good at, you got to find something. No matter what age you are, you got to figure out what you're good at. And once you know what you're good at, then you got to bust your ass harder than anybody to be great at it. You know, and then when you're great at something, it becomes easier to monetize it and when you're really good, and you're monetizing. Nobody quits, right? Because then you get really fired up and you can make things happen. But you've got to find something you're good at.

## [Tether & Bitfinex CTO Paolo Ardoino talks stablecoins, exchange security, and more](https://uponly.tv/tether-bitfinex-cto-paolo-ardoino/)  

[@paoloardoino](https://twitter.com/paoloardoino): Alright, so my grandfather was always telling me that if you are if you have if you're working the company, if you are part of the company, you should never look up how much the others are working. Because the moment everyone starts worrying on how much the others are working, the company is doomed to fail. So you should just keep your head down. Work as hard as you can and you will build great things my grandfather was was a farmer and he he was producing the best fruit in all Italy you can say

##  [Carly Chaikin from Mr. Robot talks to IRL Hacker YTCracker](https://uponly.tv/carly-chaikin-from-mr-robot-talks-to-irl-hacker-ytcracker/) 

[@realytcracker](https://twitter.com/realytcracker): Actually, so I'm in the I'm in the camp where I think that if you want to sleep all day you can to just make sure that you're not piece of shit. So do something it's something worthwhile with your life.

[@ledgerstatus](https://twitter.com/ledgerstatus): Don't buy doge

[@carlychaikin](https://twitter.com/carlychaikin): my favorite thing that my mom ever taught me was she's always like, Why not you? Somebody has to do it so why not you I think it's like such a good mentality mentality to have.

## [CMS Holdings co-founder Daniel Matuszewski](https://uponly.tv/cms-holdings-co-founder-daniel-matuszewski/)  
[@cmsholdings](https://twitter.com/cmsholdings): Um, look, there's like any piece of advice that like is relevant to this industry is like you just have to survive. And this like comes back to like, the leverage thing is like, like everybody that has like been around since basically any time that they've been in this industry has done well as long as they like we're able to like stick it out. And like in order to stick it out like you need to like not be a force seller and you'd like need to be able to like take the swings and like that's the biggest that's the most important thing is just time and you like need to like make sure you have it on your side.

## [Santiago R Santos of ParaFI Capital on Defi Decoupling](https://uponly.tv/santiago-r-santos-of-parafi-capital-on-defi-decoupling/) 
[@santiagoroel](https://twitter.com/santiagoroel): It's gonna be impossible to catch them all. And especially in bull markets, there's this temptation to like capture everything. And and I think that this is not a good formula. To your point. I really ascribe to what you just, Coby, you said earlier, which is, in this business, I think you need to be right once or twice. Really well, you need him. At least that's how I think of it this year, I need to make the next AAVE trade because I've made our business and Synthetix. I mean, we did a lot of like good investments. But AAVE, for instance, was like, it just it just did what it did. Right. And I think there's the next Avi out there. I don't know what it is, but it exists. And I think you just need to go deep and go out and find it. So you know, I think that that would be like I don't know my advice, which is like, you get pulled in a million directions. You don't go anywhere.

## [Nifty Gateway CEO Griffin Cockfoster and Artist Ian Strange on the NFT Boom](https://uponly.tv/nifty-gateway-ceo-griffin-cockfoster-and-artist-ian-strange-on-the-nft-boom/)
[@gcockfoster](https://twitter.com/gcockfoster): Okay, yeah, to get started in crypto, I think, you know, the traditional art world offers like a really big guide, I would get on social media, because the crypto art world lives on social media, you know, I would create meaningful works and start, like, create a narrative behind your art, like, whatever your story is, like, make sure to tell your story and like, tell it publicly, I would definitely start on one of the open sites like OpenSea or Rarible. And, you know, I would just like try to like, be authentic to who you are to the world. And just like start small, like being an artist, I think is also you know, it's kind of similar to being a startup where it's like, you need like small wins, that just, like build on top of each other and like, so like just like, go try and make the first sale, like, you know, like, one step at a time. Like, you know, find a piece of art that's meaningful to you and like, make a sale, and then just like build it up from there.

## [Arthur0x on Defi Conviction](https://uponly.tv/arthur0x-on-defi-conviction/)  
[@Arthur_0x](https://twitter.com/Arthur_0x): I think all of us are gonna make it as long as you don't lose all your money doing leveraged trading. Yeah, just do your research. And I think that this crypto investing is still fairly easy, in a sense that in the research side, if you can find something that still have a lot of potential that a lot of people haven't really realized yet, in the stock market is a lot more competitive. Yeah, yeah, we are gonna make it.

##  [Neeraj K. Agrawal on Crypto & Cooking](https://uponly.tv/neeraj-k-agrawal-on-crypto-cooking/) 
[@NeerajKA](https://twitter.com/NeerajKA): Stop eating out. Make your own food. It will be very satisfying. 

## [KSI & Callux talk Crypto](https://uponly.tv/ksi-callux-talk-crypto/) 
👻

## [Su Zhu from Three Arrows Capital on the Crypto Super Cycle](https://uponly.tv/su-zhu-three-arrows-capital/) 
[@zhusu](https://twitter.com/zhusu): The market is what other people see the market as, and you generally want to be predicting, or trying to think about what what kinds of narratives what what kinds of things will get more popular in the future? What communities are anti fragile, what what kinds of ideas that one sparked, they'll they'll set off a chain reaction to these kinds of things.
## [Beeple and PplPleasr on NFTs and the intersection of art and crypto](https://uponly.tv/beeple-and-pplpleasr-on-nfts-and-the-intersection-of-art-and-crypto/) 

[@beeple](https://twitter.com/beeple): My biggest thing with the marketplace is is and I told all of the marketplaces this and I'm very berry there it's I'm going to be a broken fucking record is going to be the fuck up about this, but I'm gonna keep talking saying it. Is that it? They need to accept payments in credit cards and make this shit as easy as possible. And people aren't like, having to pay and he is like, insane. It's like, it's insanity. Like, it's so complicated.

[@pplpleasr1](https://twitter.com/pplpleasr1): There's huge potential for NFT's to not only just be, you know, kind of like what it is now, but you know, like things like, let's say, World of Warcraft or something, you know, people are already trading things like, in games and spending currencies like this already exists.

## [Live with Path on being a chart savant](https://uponly.tv/live-with-path-on-being-a-chart-savant/) 
[@Cryptopathic](https://twitter.com/Cryptopathic): Because you these things are not moving because of fundamentals. Like they're all kind of moving together in a broad, like market move. There's not necessarily anything special about these coins, like as we said they're their legacy. Right? They don't, a lot of them don't necessarily do anything new. So yeah, it's not it's not like you're saying, Oh, this is undervalued, the market is buying anything.

## [Creating NFTs with Shams Meccea, Messi, & Rob Swire](https://uponly.tv/creating-nfts-with-shams-meccea-messi-rob-swire/) 

[@CryptoMessiah](https://twitter.com/CryptoMessiah): You can never call the top, you can never time the top, you know, we're playing musical chairs here. And the idea is, when the music stops, you need to make sure you have a seat. So, as things are going up, yeah, rotation is awesome. You know, those things are awesome. But as things keep going up, you have to pay yourself, you know, you have to put aside the money to pay the taxes, you have to put aside money to buy bitcoin, because the money is going to rotate to Bitcoin. Those those are just things you should be doing. And if you were, you know, very disciplined about that, rather than focusing on getting extremely greedy and trying to retire your whole family forever next week

[@CryptoCobain](https://twitter.com/CryptoCobain): I think there's a future for NFT items in games, where you play and you have ownership, like I spent fucking loads of money on League of Legends skins, which obviously just just gone to zero, I don't really own them. But I think there's like capacity for games to be built in the future where you can trade items, and you actually own the items in the game. So you actually own the skins in the games. I think all of that is, is pretty interesting.

## [Live with Bitlord, Maren, and friends](https://uponly.tv/live-with-bitlord-maren-and-friends/) 

[@rperezmarco](https://twitter.com/rperezmarco):Yeah, so I guess my trading advice is, and I've been I've been in the crypto space for nearly a decade now. Just young. It'll be a decade and a couple of months. And I think what I've learned is buy low, sell high. That's really I think the secret to success. 

[@marenaltman](https://twitter.com/marenaltman): In the same way I'd say the the newer you are like the more leverage, like that's assistance like just like as much as you can like that. That's that's really helpful. So I I'd kind of build upon that and just encourage maximum maximum leverage early on. That's a good safety net.

John Doe: I think stack your dough stack you get liquidated up the leverage. Keep it going.

[@crypto_bitlord7](https://twitter.com/crypto_bitlord7): Long your long. Buy and cry my man. Fucking long. Nothing else you need to know boy cry. Leave it. HODL.  

[@CryptoCobain](https://twitter.com/CryptoCobain): There's two trades you can make as long or wrong. That's it long or wrong. Long or wrong. That's the trading advice. 



